Using the System

1 Installing the Software
	The software is very easy to install. 
	Simply chose where you would like the files to be located and place the ObjectDigitizer.jar file in that folder. 
	Then extract the contents and the software is ready to be used. 
	At this point install Putty and OpenSCAD if it not already installed. 
	See [a] to download the installer for Putty and [b] to download the installer for OpenSCAD. 

2 Starting the System
	The first step in starting the system is to ensure that the hardware is plugged in to the power supply and the computer. 
	Next, start the software via command prompt. 
	This is done by navigating to the folder in which the files have been placed with “cd” followed by the path to the folder
		then entering the command “java ObjectDigitizerDriver.java”.
	Once the software has started it will prompt the user to begin the scan by pressing the start button on the hardware.
	This will cause the hardware to begin the process of collecting the data for the model.

3 The Conversion
	Once the scan has been completed the hardware will stop moving.
	The data has been sent from the hardware to the software at this point.
	The software will automatically begin processing the data after 10 seconds. 
	Once the time is up, the software will now begin converting the collected data into a usable point cloud. 
	The data is collected in a cylindrical coordinate system and has been sent to the software as a set of three numbers: angle, height, and distance.
	The software will convert these numbers to a corresponding point (x, y, z) by utilizing the appropriate mathematical formulas.

4 Generating the Model
	The software now uses the newly generated points to create the model by use of another program, OpenSCAD.
	It does this by using the points to create functions that are recognized by OpenSCAD. 

5 Saving the Model
	Once the model has been generated from the commands, the software will display a prompt to ask the user 
		to decide on a name for the file along with the folder where the file should be saved. 
	After that has been done, the software saves the model as an .STL file with that name.

6 Shutting Down the System
	Once the model has been saved the software will display a prompt which will ask if the user would like to scan another object or
		if they would like to quit. 
	If the user chooses to quit, the software will prompt the user to unplug the scanner from the power supply and the computer.
	Then the software itself will shut down and the user may close the command prompt window.

[a] https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/latest.html
[b] https://www.openscad.org/downloads.html